# general
date.format = dd/MM/yyyy
application.title = The Pizza application

#actions
create.text = Add
cancel.text = Cancel
back.text = Back

# Pizza's
pizza.index.title = Manage pizzas
pizza.index.create.text = Add pizza
pizza.index.pizzaName.text = Name
pizza.index.hasTomato.text = Tomatoes
pizza.index.hasMozzarella.text = Mozzarella
pizza.index.hasCheese.text = Cheese
pizza.index.hasHam.text = Ham
pizza.index.hasSalami.text = Salami
pizza.index.no_pizzas = No pizzas exist.

pizza.create.title = Add pizza
pizza.create.pizzaName.text = Name
pizza.create.hasTomato.text = Tomatoes
pizza.create.hasMozzarella.text = Mozzarella
pizza.create.hasCheese.text = Cheese
pizza.create.hasHam.text = Ham
pizza.create.hasSalami.text = Salami

# Bestellingen
order.index.title = Overview orders
order.index.pizzas.text = Manage pizzas
order.index.create.text = Add order
order.index.pizzaName.text = Pizza
order.index.quantity.text = Quantity
order.index.customerName.text = Customer name
order.index.remarks.text = Remarks
order.index.orderDate.text = Order date
order.index.no_orders = There are no open orders.
order.index.order_sent = The order has been sent!

order.create.title = Add order
order.create.pizzaName.text = Pizza
order.create.quantity.text = Quantity
order.create.customerName.text = Customer name
order.create.remarks.text = Remarks